Known IssuesCloudera Docs
Known Issues
You might run into some known issues while using Cloudera Machine Learning on Private
    Cloud.
ENGSEC-22794: CML Sessions fail randomly with status 34
CML Sessions fail randomly with status 34 for fresh CML PVC 1.5.2 workspace installs with
        Base cluster timezone set to a non-UTC timezone.
Workaround: Edit the CML workspace web deployment to force the timezone to UTC:
kubectl edit deployments web -n mlx 

- command:
        - /usr/bin/bash
        - -c
        - TZ=UTC /home/cdswint/services/web/pod-bootstrap.sh 2>&1 | tee /var/fluentbit/log/web.log

Note the TZ=UTC before pod-bootstrap.sh command

OPSX-4603: Buildkit in ECS in CML PrivateCloud
Issue: This release introduces BuildKit in ECS for building images
        of models and experiments. BuildKit is a replacement for Docker, which was previously used
        to build images of CML's models and experiments in ECS. Buildkit will be only for OS RHEL8.x
        and CentOS 8.x.
Buildkit in CML Private Cloud 1.5.2 is a Tech Preview feature. Hence, having Docker
        installed on the nodes/hosts is still mandatory for models and experiments to work smoothly.
        Upcoming release will be completely eliminating the dependency of Docker on the nodes.
Workaround: None.

DSE-32285: Migration: Migrated models are failing due to image pull
        errors
Issue: After CDSW to CML migration (on-premises) via full-fledged migration tool,
        migrated models on CML Private Cloud Workspace fails on initial deployment. This is because
        the initial model deployment tries to pull images from on-premises's registry.
Workaround: Re-deploy the migrated model. As this involves the build and deploy
        process, the image will be built, pushed to the CML Private Cloud Workspace's configured
        registry, and then the same image will be consumed for further usage.

DSE-28768: Spark Pushdown is not working with Scala 2.11 runtime
Issue: Scala and R are not supported for Spark Pushdown.
Workaround: None.

DSE-32304 On CML Private Cloud ECS terminal and ssh connections can terminate
Issue: In Private Cloud ECS, CML Terminal and SSH connections can terminate after an
        uncertain amount of time, usually after 4-10 minutes. This issue affects customers using
        local IDEs to work with CML, as well as any customer application using a websocket
        connection.
Workaround: None.


Related informationKnown Issues and Limitations