Create a resource pool for CMLCloudera Docs
Create a resource pool for CML
In technical preview (TP), do not use the ‘root.default’ resource pool. You must
        create at least one resource pool for quota management.

Go to Cloudera Manager > Resource Utilization tab.

Under the root.default resource pool (or any already
                    created custom resource pool), create a child node for CML.

Pools are organized in a hierarchical manner.
CML reserves 30 GB Memory and 20 CPU for the CML workspace
                        installation. The resource pool created for CML should have at least 38 GB
                        of Memory and 22 CPU.


Click the actions menu in a pool and select Add Child. 





 The Add Quota dialog box opens.



Enter the following information: 


Name – Enter a name for this resource pool.
Memory – Use the sliders to select the memory allocation for
                            the pool. Use the drop-down list to select the units. It is
                                recommended to configure memory in units GB.
CPU – Use the sliders to select the CPU allocation for the
                            pool. You can choose how CPUs are counted by selecting Cores or
                            Millicores from the drop-down list. It is recommended to configure
                                CPU units in cores.
GPU – Use the sliders to select the GPU allocation for the
                                pool. It is recommended to configure GPU units in cores.
Validity – Enter the length of time that the pool can remain
                            active. To keep the pool active indefinitely, enter -1. 
Tags – Tags provide a way to add user-defined name/value pairs
                            as metadata for the pools. Please use tag key: experience,
                                    value: cml, this helps CML to identify the resource
                                pool is configured for CML.

Note that the maximum value of the sliders is limited by the available
                        resources, i.e. total resources of the parent pool and the amount of
                        resources not used by other sibling pools.



