Setting up CML Workspaces for High Volume WorkloadsCloudera Docs
Setting up CML Workspaces for High Volume Workloads
Autoscaling in CML enables seamless scaling up of clusters, accommodating sessions,
    experiments, model metrics, jobs, and applications with increased user demand. In order to
    ensure seamless functioning of CML workspaces with high volume workloads, core CML flows such as
    workspace suspend, resume, backup, upgrade, and editing are validated with high volume
    workloads. Additionally, clusters can be efficiently downsized by adjusting the autoscale range
    in workloads without disrupting control plane capabilities.
To prepare a CML workspace for high volume workloads, you need to perform the following steps
      to modify the pod quota limit for the CML tenant, and then do the same for the CML
      workspace.

Go inside the workspace and create a project. 


In Project settings, click the lock button. 


In Advanced settings, add the key OVERRIDE_PODQUOTA and enter the value
        for the new pod limit to set. 



Verified flows and configurations

Enhanced Pod Count Limit Scaling up to 250 Pods within a single user namespace is
            verified, assuming that the workspace possesses sufficient computational resources and
            storage capacity to accommodate these pods.
Auto-Scaling Certification The Control Plane actions have been verified to scale up
            to 100 Nodes.
Suspension and resumption of 100 Nodes has been successfully tested.
Workspace Management 
Backup of Workspaces with up to 100 Nodes.
Upscale and downscale of cluster nodes between 1-100 is now verified by changing the
              worker node range within the edit section of workspace. 
Successfully tested upgrading a 100 node Workspace from version at 'V-1'.

Basic sanity testing of the following workload flows was conducted for Workspaces with
          100 Nodes: 
Creation of Sessions, Applications, Jobs, Model Metrics and Experiments for a user
              after workspace creation and upgrading.
Deletion of Sessions, Applications, Jobs, Model Metrics and Experiments for high
              volume workloads.
I/O, memory usage validation during upscale and downscale operations.



Known issues
There are a few known issues that have been identified during the certification process.
        These issues are currently being addressed.

During concurrent creation of sessions via CML workspace users, some pods may fail to
          come up, with a ~3% failure rate.
For high volume workspaces, CML workspace applications may fail to restart after
          modify/resume and upgrade operations. In this case, manually restart the affected
          application. 



