What's new in Cloudera Data Engineering Private CloudCloudera Docs
What's new in Cloudera Data Engineering Private Cloud
This release of Cloudera Data Engineering (CDE) on CDP Private Cloud 1.5.2 includes the
    following features:
Creating a Git repository in Cloudera Data Engineering (Technical Preview)
You can now use Git repositories to collaborate, manage project artifacts, and promote
        applications from lower to higher environments. Cloudera currently supports Git providers
        such as GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket. Repository files can be accessed when you create a
        Spark or Airflow job. You can then deploy the job and use CDE's centralized monitoring and
        troubleshooting capabilities to tune and adjust your workloads. 
For more information, see Creating a Git repository in Cloudera Data Engineering.

Using GPUs to accelerate CDE Spark jobs and sessions (Technical Preview)
CDE supports accelerating the Spark jobs and sessions using GPUs. You can leverage the power
        of GPUs to benefit from faster execution times and reduced infrastructure costs without
        changing the existing CDE application code. By enabling GPU support, data engineers can make
        use of GPU resources available to the CDE service. You can configure GPU resource quota per
        virtual cluster which can be requested for running a Spark job or session.
For more information, see Accelerating CDE Jobs and Sessions using GPUs.

Elastic Quota for Virtual Clusters
Elastic quota for virtual clusters is now generally available (GA). You can configure
        elastic quota to a virtual cluster (VC) to get a minimum guaranteed and maximum capacity of
        resources (CPU and memory) as guaranteed quota and maximum quota. The guaranteed quota
        dictates the minimum amount of resources available for allocation for a VC at all times. The
        resources above the guaranteed quota and within the VC’s maximum quota can be used by any VC
        on demand if the cluster capacity allows for it. 
Elastic quotas allow the VC to acquire unused capacity in the cluster when their guaranteed quota limit gets exhausted. This ensures efficient use of resources in the cluster. At the same time, the maximum quota limits the threshold amount of resources a VC can claim in the cluster at any given time.
For more information, see Creating virtual clusters.

Updated CDE Home page
The new Home page of the CDE user interface has been updated with easy access to link commonly performed tasks. The new landing page now provides convenient quick-access links to create sessions and jobs, schedule a job, run an ad-hoc job, upload a DAG, build a pipeline, create new file resources and Python environment, monitor job run, and display Virtual Clusters.

View Job run timeline
You can now view the intermediate stages of the job run at every stage during its life
        cycle in real-time. In case of a job failure, you can view the specific event and component
        where the job run failed. This reduces turnaround time during the debugging process for the job
        run failure. 
For more information, see Viewing Job run timeline.

Job log retention policy (Technical Preview)
You can now configure the job log retention policy. The retention policy lets you specify how long to retain the logs and after which the logs are deleted to save storage costs and improve performance. By default, in CDE there is no expiration period and logs are retained forever. 
For more information, see Creating virtual clusters.

Support for Apache Iceberg
Apache Iceberg 1.3 is now generally available (GA) in CDE when deployed on CDP Private
        Cloud Base version 7.1.9 or higher. See Apache Iceberg in Cloudera Data Platform.
 Apache Iceberg is in Technical Preview for Cloudera Data Engineering CDE when deployed on
        CDP Private Cloud Base version 7.1.7 SP2 or 7.1.8, because interoperability requirements
        between CDP Private Cloud Base and CDE Private Cloud are not met. Tables that are converted
        to Iceberg Table format can only be accessed through CDE.

Data Connectors
Data connectors are is generally available (GA). Data connectors enable you to access
        different storage using only a few configurations specific to storage. Data Connectors are
        bound to a CDE service. 
For more information, see Using Ozone storage with Cloudera Data Engineering.

Hive Warehouse Connector tables
Hive Warehouse Connector (HWC) tables are now supported in Spark 3 of CDE.


