Creating virtual clustersCloudera Docs
Creating virtual clusters
In Cloudera Data Engineering (CDE), a virtual cluster is an
    individual auto-scaling cluster with defined CPU and memory ranges. Jobs are
    associated with virtual clusters, and virtual clusters are associated with
    an environment. You can create as many virtual clusters as you
    need.

To create a virtual cluster, you must have an environment with Cloudera Data Engineering
        (CDE) enabled. 


In the Cloudera Data Platform (CDP) console, click the
          Data Engineering tile. The CDE Home page
          displays.

Click Administration in the left navigation menu, select the environment you
          want to create a virtual cluster in.
In the Virtual Clusters column, click
         at the top right to create a new virtual
          cluster.If the environment has no virtual clusters
          associated with it, the page displays a Create DE
            Cluster button that launches the same
            wizard.Enter a Cluster Name.Cluster names must include the following:
Begin with a letter
Be between 3 and 30 characters (inclusive)
Contain only alphanumeric characters and hyphens
Select the CDE Service to create the
          virtual cluster in.The environment you selected before
          launching the wizard is selected by default, but you can use the
          wizard to create a virtual cluster in a different CDE
        service.
Select one of the following CDE cluster types: 


Core (Tier 1): Batch-based transformation and engineering
              options include:
Autoscaling Cluster
SDX/Lakehouse
Job Lifecycle
Monitoring
Workflow Orchestration

All Purpose (Tier 2) - Develop using interactive sessions and
              deploy both batch and streaming workloads. This option includes all options in Tier 1
              with the following:
Shell Sessions - CLI and Web
JDBC/SparkSQL (Coming soon)
IDE (Coming Soon)




In Capacity, specify the guaranteed and the maximum number of
          CPU cores, GPU cores, and Memory in gigabytes to configure elastic quota. The cluster can
          utilize resources up to the maximum set capacity to run the submitted Spark
          applications.
You can get a minimum guaranteed and maximum capacity of resources (CPU
            and memory) using guaranteed quota and maximum quota. The guaranteed quota dictates the
            minimum amount of resources available for allocation for a VC at all times. The
            resources above the guaranteed quota and within the VC’s maximum quota can be used by
            any VC on demand if the cluster capacity allows for it. 
GPU (Technical Preview):
            You can set the guaranteed and maximum GPU resource quota for this virtual cluster for
            Spark 3 jobs to use. Elastic quotas allow the VC to acquire unused
            capacity in the cluster when their guaranteed quota limit gets exhausted. This ensures
            efficient use of resources in the cluster. At the same time, the maximum quota limits
            the threshold amount of resources a VC can claim in the cluster at any given
          time.For information about configuring resource pool and capacity, see Managing cluster resources using Quota
          Management.
Select the Spark Version to use in the
          virtual cluster.Optional: 
Under Retention (Preview), click Enable Job Run and
            Log Retention Policy to configure the job run and log retention policy. The
          retention policy lets you specify how long to retain the job runs and logs, after which it
          will be deleted to save storage costs and improve performance. By default, in CDE there is
          no expiration period and both job runs and logs are retained forever. Provide the
          following to configure the duration:


Enter Value: Enter a whole number greater than zero to set
              the duration. Ensure there are no decimals or other characters.


Select Period: Select Hours,
                Days, or Weeks from the drop-down list
              to set the period of time for which job runs and logs are to be retained.

importantWhen you edit the log retention policy
                configuration, you must restart the runtime-api-server pod
                using the kubectl rollout restart deployment/<deployment-name> -n
                  <namespace> command to apply the changes. The namespace is the
                  VC ID found on the virtual cluster details page.For
                  example:
                  kubectl rollout restart deployment/dex-app-fww6lrgm-api -n dex-app-fww6lrgm



Optional: 
Click Configure Email Alerting if you want to receive
          notification mails. Provide the following email configuration information:


Sender email address. 
Your mail server hostname and port. 
The username and password of the email user who will be logged into the mail server
              as the sender of the alert emails. 
Select a secure connection method to be used when communicating with the SMTP
              server. 
Click Test SMTP Configs  to test the configurations set for
              SMTP. This helps you to test the SMTP configuration before creating the cluster.


Click Create.
On the CDE Home page, select the environment to view the virtual
      cluster initialization status. You can also click the three-dot menu for the virtual cluster
      to view the logs. 

You must initialize each virtual cluster you create and configure users before creating
        jobs.
Cloudera Data Engineering provides a suite of example jobs with a combination of Spark and
        Airflow jobs, which include scenarios such as reading and writing from object storage,
        running an Airflow DAG, and expanding on Python capabilities with custom virtual
        environments. For information about running example jobs, see CDE example jobs and
          sample data.


Related informationResource scheduling and management
            