Known Issues and LimitationsCloudera Docs
Known Issues and Limitations
There are some known issues you might run into while using Cloudera Machine
    Learning.
Cannot add the Scala Runtime via UI (DSE-33793)
Users are unable to add the Scala Runtime to their projects explicitly via the UI.
Workaround: User API calls to add the runtime. Alternatively, remove all available runtimes
      from the list, which makes it possible to create workloads using all runtimes, including Scala.

CML Backup operation fails during validation (DSE-31675)
CML backup operation fails with validation error - "Role validation failed. User must have
        role 'crn:altus:iam:us-west-1:altus:resourceRole:MLAdmin' for this operation." even though
        the customer has all the necessary permissions to perform backup. Some customers are facing
        this issue because of an existing bug in the control plane.
Workaround: Skip the validation when backing up workspace.

Spark executors status reports failed (DSE-32250)
The status of spark executors in the Export Usage List reports
        failed when completed, regardless of the status of the task.

Terminal does not stop after time-out (DSE-12064)
After a web session times out, the terminal should stop running, but it remaings
        functional.

CML workspace upgrades disabled with NTP
Upgrades are disabled for CML Workspaces configured with non-transparent proxy (NTP). This
        issue is anticipated to be fixed in a subsequent hotfix release.

Models: Some API endpoints not fully supported
In the create_run api, run_name is not supported.
Also, search_experiments only supports pagination.

When a team added as a collaborator, it does not appear in the UI. (DSE-31570)


Run Job as displays even if the job is enabled on a service
        account. (DSE-31573)
If the job is enabled on a service account, the Run Job as option
        should not display. Even if me is selected at this point, the job
        still runs in the service account.

AMP archive upload fails if Project does not contain metadata YAML file
To create a zip file to deploy AMPs in CML, do the following: 
Download the AMP zip file from GitHub
Unzip it to a temp directory
From the command line navigate to the root directory of the zip
Run this command to create the new zip file: zip -r amp.zip .

Make sure you see the .project-metadata/yaml in the root of the zip file.

Cloning from Git using SSH is not supported via HTTP proxy
Workaround: CML Projects support HTTPS for cloning git projects. It is suggested to use
        this as the workaround.




Model deployments requiring outbound access via proxy do not honor HTTP_PROXY,
        HTTPS_PROXY environment variables
Workaround: Add the HTTP_PROXY, HTTPS_PROXY,
          http_proxy and https_proxy environment variables to
        the cdsw-build.sh file of the Project Repository.




Application does not restart after upgrade or migration
An application may fail to automatically restart after a workspace upgrade or migration. In
        this case, manually restart the application.

Do not use backtick characters in environment variable names
Avoid using backtick characters ( ` ) in environment variable names, as
        this will cause sessions to fail with exit code 2.

Model Registry is not supported on R models
Model Registry is not supported on R models.

The mlflow.log_model registered model files might not be available
        on NFS Server (DSE-27709)
When using mlflow.log_model, registered model files might not be
        available on the NFS server due to NFS server settings or network connections. This could
        cause the model to remain in the registering status. 
Workaround: 
Re-register the model. It will register as an additional version, but it should
            correct the problem. 
Add the ARTIFACT_SYNC_PERIOD environment variable to
              hdfscli-server Kubernetes deployment and set it to an integer
            value. This will set the model registry retry operation to twice the number of seconds
            specified by the artifact sync period integer value. If the
              ARTIFACT_SYNC_PERIOD is set to 30 seconds then model registry
            will retry for 60 seconds. The default value is 10 and model registry retries for 20
            seconds. For example: -name: ARTIFACT_SYNC_PERIOD value: “30”.
          


Applications appear in failed state after upgrade (DSE-23330)
After upgrading CML from version 1.29.0 on AWS, some applications may be in a Failed state.
        The workaround is to restart the application.

Cannot use hashtag character in JDBC connection string
The special character # (hashtag) cannot be used in a password that is
        then used in a JDBC connection string. Avoid using this special character, or use
          '%23' instead.

CML workspace installation fails
CML workspace installation with Azure NetApp Files on NFS v4.1 fails. The workaround is to
        use NFS v3.

Spark executors fail due to insufficient disk space
Generally, the administrator should estimate the shuffle data set size before provisioning
        the workspace, and then specify the root volume size of the compute node that is appropriate
        given that estimate. For more specific guidelines, see the following resources.

How do I avoid the "No space left on device" error where
            my disk is running out of space?
How can I prevent a Hadoop or Spark job's user cache from
            consuming too much disk space in Amazon EMR?


Runtime Addon fails to load (DSE-16200)
A Spark runtime add-on may fail when upgrading a workspace. 
Solution: To resolve this problem, try to reload the add-on. In Site Administration > Runtime/Engine, in the option menu next to the failed add-on, select
          Reload.

CML workspace provisioning times out
When provisioning a CML workspace, the process may time out with an error similar to
          Warning FailedMount or Failed to sync secret cache:timed out
          waiting for the condition. This can happen on AWS or Azure.
Solution: Delete the workspace and retry provisioning.

CML endpoint connectivity from DataHub and Cloudera Data Engineering
        (DSE-14882)
When CDP services connect to CML services, if the ML workspace is provisioned on a public
        subnet, traffic is routed out of the VPC first, and then routed back in. On Private Cloud
        CML, traffic is not routed externally.

NFS performance issues on AWS EFS (DSE-12404)
CML uses NFS as the filesystem for storing application and user data. NFS performance may
        be much slower than expected in situations where a data scientist writes a very large number
        (typically in the thousands) of small files. Example tasks include: using git
          clone to clone a very large source repository (such as TensorFlow), or using
          pip to install a Python package that includes JavaScript code (such as
          plotly). Reduced performance is particularly common with CML on AWS
        (which uses EFS), but it may be seen in other environments.

Disable file upload and download (DSE-12065)
You cannot disable file upload and download when using the Jupyter Notebook.

Remove Workspace operation fails (DSE-8834)
Remove Workspace operation fails if workspace creation is still in progress.

API does not enforce a maximum number of nodes for ML workspaces
Problem: When the API is used to provision new ML workspaces, it does not enforce an
        upper limit on the autoscale range.

Downscaling ML workspace nodes does not work as expected (MLX-637, MLX-638)
Problem: Downscaling nodes does not work as seamlessly as expected due to a lack of
        Bin Packing on the Spark default scheduler, and because dynamic allocation is not currently
        enabled. As a result, currently infrastructure pods, Spark driver/executor pods, and session
        pods are tagged as non-evictable using the
          cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/safe-to-evict: "false" annotation.
        

Technical Service Bulletins


TSB 2023-628: Sensitive user data getting
            collected in CML/CDSW workspace diagnostic bundles
When using Cloudera Data Science Workbench (CDSW), Cloudera
              recommends users to store sensitive information, such as passwords or access keys, in
              environment variables rather than in the code. See Engine Environment Variables in the official
              Cloudera documentation for details. Cloudera recently learned that all session
              environment variables in the affected releases of CDSW and CML are logged in web pod
              logs, which may be included in support diagnostic bundles sent to Cloudera as part of
              support tickets.
Severity: 
Medium

Component affected:
CDSW
CML workspaces on Public Cloud
CML workspaces on Private Cloud

Products affected: 
Cloudera Machine Learning

Releases affected:
CDSW 1.10.1 and lower
CML workspaces on Public Cloud 2.0.32-b117 and lower
CML workspaces on Private Cloud 1.4.0 and lower

Users affected:
CML workspace users who are storing sensitive data like DB passwords or secrets
                  as environment variables in the product.
CML workspace users who are setting WORKLOAD_PASSWORD in CML
                  Public Cloud workspaces from User Settings > Environment Variables > WORKLOAD_PASSWORD.

Impact:
Session environment variables in CML workspaces (Private Cloud, Public Cloud or
                  OnPrem CDSW) are getting logged and collected when Admin generates diagnostic
                  bundles from CDSW/CML Workspace > Site Administration > Support > Generate Log Archives. These logs are typically sent to Cloudera as part of support
                  cases.
On Public Cloud, CML workspace service (web) logs, which are the source of the
                  diagnostic bundles, also get stored on customer S3 or ADLS storage.

Action required: Upgrade CDSW/CML workspace
Upgrade to CDSW 1.10.2 version or higher.
Public Cloud 
Upgrade Public Cloud CML workspaces to the latest release.
Delete the CML workspace service logs from S3 or ADLS storage. 
Find the Storage Location for “Logs Storage and Audits” in the
                          Environment service details page. (say <datalake_logs_path>)
Find the Cluster Name from the CML Workspace details page. (say
                          <cluster_name>)
Now please delete all the files under
                          <datalake_logs_path>/<cluster_name> folder that are generated before
                          CML workspace is upgraded to the latest with this fix.


Private Cloud 
Upgrade Private Cloud CML workspace to 1.4.1 or higher


Addressed in release/refresh/patch: 
CDSW 1.10.2
Public Cloud 2.0.32-b123
Private Cloud 1.4.1



Knowledge article
For the latest update on this issue see the corresponding Knowledge article: TSB-2023-628: Sensitive user data getting collected in
              CML/CDSW workspace diagnostic bundles 


TSB 2022-588: Kubeconfig and new version of
            aws-iam-authenticator
Regenerate Kubeconfig and in conjunction use a newer version
              of aws-iam-authenticator on AWS. Kubeconfig in Cloudera Data Platform (CDP) Public
              Cloud Data Services needs to be regenerated because the Kubeconfig generated before
              June 15, 2022 uses an old APIVersion (client.authentication.k8s.io/v1alpha1) which is
              no longer supported. This causes compatibility issues with aws-iam-authenticator
              starting from v0.5.7. To be able to use the new
              aws-iam-authenticator, the Kubeconfig needs to be regenerated.
Severity: 
High

Component affected:
Cloudera Machine Learning (CML) Data Service
Cloudera Data Engineering (CDE) Data Service
Cloudera Data Flow (CDF) Data Service

Products affected: 
CDP Public Cloud

Releases affected:
All existing and upcoming CDP Public Cloud releases using the affected
                  components, listed above.

Users affected:
Users of CML, CDE, and CDF using Kubeconfig generated before June 15, 2022 and a
                  version of aws-iam-authenticator prior to v0.5.7.

Impact:
Customers using a Kubeconfig generated before June 15, 2022 and an
                  aws-iam-authenticator version prior to v0.5.7 may see Kubernetes clients not able
                  to access the cluster successfully.

Action required:
From June 15, 2022 onwards, existing customers on AWS using a previously generated
              Kubeconfig will have to:
Regenerate and use the new Kubeconfig, and
Use a new version of aws-iam-authenticator starting with v0.5.7.

The newly generated Kubeconfig changes the APIVerson of the user’s section as: 
Old:
ApiVersion: "client.authentication.k8s.io/v1alpha1"
New:
ApiVersion: "client.authentication.k8s.io/v1beta1"



Knowledge article
For the latest update on this issue see the corresponding Knowledge article: TSB-2022-588: Kubeconfig and new version of
              aws-iam-authenticator 




Related informationAWS LimitationsAzure Limitations