April 26, 2023Cloudera Docs
April 26, 2023
Release notes and fixed issues for version 2.0.38.
New Features / Improvements

Custom Data Connections - Site administrators can now configure access to
          external data sources with the new Custom Data Connections feature. Data Scientists
          can access the external data via the cml.data library and its 2-liner
          abstractions.
Add Data - Data Scientists can now upload files to Hive and Impala Virtual
          Warehouse tables from the Data tab of any CML Project.
Model Replicas - Site Administrators can now configure the maximum number of
          model replicas that users can select for their models via the Maximum Model Replicas field
          on the Administration → Settings → Model Deployment Settings page.
Models - Users can now deploy large ML models. Model size is not limited to 50 MB
          anymore.
Model Registry - Administrators can now find the Machine User Workload User Name
          that is needed for configuring their model registries to access their S3 or ADLS Gen2
          bucket on the Workspace Details page.
Install Workspaces (Tech Preview) - Auto-retriable workflow for Install Workspace
          for Azure Private Cluster. See the Feature Preview doc for more information.
Usage Monitoring - Usage data for Spark Executors is now recorded in the CSV file
          that Site Administrators can download from the Administration > Usage tab.
API Keys - Improved security by storing Legacy API keys as hashes in the
          database. Existing Legacy API keys are automatically rotated as part of the upgrade
            process to ensure that previous keys cannot be used. API v1 keys will not be usable
          after the upgrade. This does not impact the Models API, and Models authentication is not
          affected. To manually rotate a Legacy API key, do the following: 
In User Settings > API Keys, click Rotate to generate a new Legacy ApiKey
              and ApiKeyHash pair.
Copy the Api Key that is shown after rotation and use it in future requests.
Note - The API key will not be visible on the UI once you refresh the page. Make
              sure to copy it before leaving the page.

Modify Instance Group Type - Administrators can easily change the CPU or GPU instance types of
          node groups for a CML workspace, without having to re-provision the workspace.


Fixed Issues

Model Registry (DSE-25909) - Removed the 19 character limit for model names in
          Model Registry.
Model Registry (DSE-25641) - Fixed an issue where redeploying models from model
          registry to a CML workspace may fail.
Model Registry (DSE-24683) - Added workload name to Model Registry service
          account list.
Model Registry (DSE-25906) - Model Registry is no longer limited to listing 10
          models at a time.



Parent topic: Older releases