Adding ML Runtimes using Runtime Repo filesCloudera Docs
Adding ML Runtimes using Runtime Repo files

Runtime Repo files are JSON files that contain all the details of ML Runtimes that are needed
   by CML to add these ML Runtimes to the Runtime Catalog. When these files are hosted on URLs
   accessible to CML, these URLs can be registered in CML. If Runtime updates are enabled in CML, ML
   Runtimes that appear in the Runtime Repo files will be automatically added to the Runtime Catalog
   within 24 hours. Using Runtime Repo files, both Custom and Cloudera provided Runtimes can be
   added to CML workspaces.
To add, edit, or remove Runtime Repo files

Log in as administrator.
Navigate to Site Administration > Runtime.
Add, edit or delete Runtime Repo files in the Runtime Updates section.

Cloudera provided Runtime Repo files
CML hosts two public Runtime Repo files that contain the details of the
    latest released ML Runtimes and Data Visualization Runtimes. 
Name: Cloudera ML Runtimes
URL:
        https://archive.cloudera.com/ml-runtimes/latest/artifacts/repo-assembly.json
Name: Cloudera DataViz Runtimes
URL:
       https://archive.cloudera.com/cdv/latest/artifacts/repo-assembly.json

These Runtime Repo files are not added to CML Private Cloud clusters by
    default. However, if your cluster is not air gapped, you can add these Runtime Repo files to
    your CML workspace to keep your Runtime Catalog automatically updated with the latest released
    Cloudera Runtimes. Note, that these Runtimes will be added to your Runtime Catalog from Cloudera
    hosted registries, even if your Private Cloud is configured to use a different docker registry. 
If your cluster is air-gapped, you can still add new Cloudera-built ML
    Runtimes to your CML workspace by pushing these Runtimes into a docker registry that is hosted
    within your air-gapped environment, and then adding a Runtime Repo file to CML. The
    image_identifier fields in the file must point to the self-hosted docker registry instead of any
    Cloudera-hosted registries. 

Self created Runtime Repo files
You can create your own Runtime Repo files and register them in CML. CML checks these Runtime
    Repo files for changes every 24 hours and adds any new ML Runtimes found in these files
    automatically to the Runtime Catalog.
To create a Repo assembly file:

Create a JSON file with the same structure as the Cloudera provided one:
     {
    "assembly_metadata_version": 1,
    "runtimes": [
         { 
           "image_identifier": string,
            "runtime_metadata_version": int,
            "editor": string,
            "edition": string,
            "description": string,
            "kernel": string,
            "full_version": string,
            "short_version": string,
            "maintenance_version": int,
            "git_hash": string,
            "gbn": int
         } , 
    ]
}
Fill in the details of one or more ML Runtimes. If you are adding Cloudera-created Runtimes,
     use the values from the Cloudera-provided Runtime Repo files. For Custom Runtimes,
      git_hash should be an empty string, and gbn should be set to
     zero. All other fields should be filled according to the information in Metadata for
      Custom ML Runtimes.
Host the JSON file on an URL that CML is able to access.
Add the Runtime Repo file to CML on the Site Administration > Runtime page.



Related informationMetadata for Custom ML RuntimesParent topic: Managing ML Runtimes