Creating a Git repository in Cloudera Data Engineering (Technical Preview)Cloudera Docs
Creating a Git repository in Cloudera Data Engineering (Technical Preview)
Git repositories allow teams to collaborate, manage project artifacts, and promote
    applications from lower to higher environments. Cloudera currently supports Git providers such
    as GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket. Learn how to use Cloudera Data Engineering (CDE) with version
    control service.
Repository files can be accessed when you create a Spark or
      Airflow job. You can then deploy the job and use CDE's centralized monitoring and
      troubleshooting capabilities to tune and adjust your workloads. CDE automatically clones the
      project files and folders when a repository is created. Metadata such as file size and hash
      are also available. These files display as a read-only view in the CDE UI and users cannot
      delete or modify the files. This ensures a single source of truth and simplifies promotions. 
To use a non-public Git repository, you must first create
      repository credentials using a workload secret for CDE using the CDE CLI as follows:
          cde credential create --type basic --username myuser --name
          my-credentialThe command above prompts you for a password where you can either provide your Personal Access
        Token (PAT) or provide a password for your Git repository account, for example, Github.noteWhen using the password based authentication, make sure your two
          factor authentication (2FA) for your Github account is turned off. Cloudera recommends
          turning it off because the 2FA doesn't get the authentication requests when the source is
          an API.

In the Cloudera Data Platform (CDP) console, click the
            Data Engineering tile. The Home page
          displays.

Click Repositories in the left navigation menu.The
            Repositories page displays.

Click Create Repository. The Create A
            Repository dialog box displays. Enter the following fields for the
          repository:





Repository Name - Enter a name for the repository.


URL - Enter the repository URL (https only).


Branch - Enter the name of the git branch.


Select a credential from the Select
                Credential drop-down list. The credentials can be created using the CDE
              API. 


Select Skip TLS. Select this option if
              the server uses a self-signed CA certificate that CDE does not trust. This allows CDE
              to skip the security check and clone the repository.



Click Create.


