Enabling a fully private network for a CDE service for Azure (Tech Preview)Cloudera Docs
Enabling a fully private network for a CDE service for Azure (Tech Preview)
Learn how to enable a fully private network setup for a Cloudera Data Engineering (CDE)
    service for Azure services in Cloudera Data Platform (CDP). Additionally, you can learn how to
    add User Defined Routing (UDR) in the UI or CLI. The UDR helps from exposing public IP addresses
    in your service. This feature ensures that all Azure services used by CDE are provisioned as private (private
      Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS), MySQL, and Storage Accounts). The Azure cluster is deployed as
      a fully private network cluster when you enable a CDE service and enables VNet access through
      private endpoints and private links. Lastly, CDE on Microsoft Azure does not currently support
      SSD or Spot instances.
CDE UICDP CLI
Before you begin

Ensure that you have created and enabled a CDE service. Additionally, the Cloudera Data
            Platform (CDP) must communicate with the CDE service on a private network in order to
            manage the CDE service lifecycle. This communication occurs using the Cluster
            Connectivity Manager (CCM) v2; therefore, to enable this feature, the CDP environment
            must be enabled with the CCMv2. Once the CCMv2 is enabled at the CDP environment level,
            the Enable Private Network option displays in the CDE user
            interface when you enable a service. For more information on how to enable a CDE service
            and set up CCMv2, refer to the links below.noteTo enable UDR,
              you must enable a private network flag and you must provide a subnet.

UI steps for enabling a private network and enabling UDR

While enabling a CDE service for an Azure environment, select Enable Private
          Network. Optionally, once you've enabled a private network on Microsoft Azure,
        you can select the User Defined Routing checkbox. Use this to avoid
        exposing public IP addresses in your service by using a user defined routing (UDR) table.
        After, you'll need to specify a Subnet.
Click Enable.

You can enable the user defined routing (UDR) with the CDP CLI using the –network-outbound-type CLI switch with a value of “UDR”. See the example command:
          ./clients/cdpcli/cdp.sh de enable-service --name "test-service-cdpcli" --env "dex-priv-env" --instance-type "Standard_D8s_v4" --minimum-instances 0 --maximum-instances 10 --enable-private-network --subnets dex-dev.internal.19.westus2 --network-outbound-type UDR

Related informationEnabling a CDE serviceCluster Connectivity Manager (CCM)Enabling Cluster Connectivity Manager (CCM) in the Management ConsoleParent topic: Enabling a Cloudera Data Engineering service