Enabling a semi-private network for a CDE service with AWS (Tech Preview)Cloudera Docs
Enabling a semi-private network for a CDE service with AWS (Tech Preview)
Learn how to enable a semi-private network setup for a Cloudera Data Engineering (CDE)
    service with Amazon Web Services (AWS) services in Cloudera Data Platform (CDP). When you enable
    a CDE service with this feature, the Amazon Kubernetes Service (EKS) cluster is deployed as a
    private cluster but some services used by CDE such as MySQL and S3 are not provisioned as
    private.
noteYou need to contact Cloudera to have this feature
      enabled.
CDE UICDP CLI
Before you begin

Ensure that you have created and enabled a CDE service. Additionally, the Cloudera Data
      Platform (CDP) must communicate with the CDE service on a private network in order to manage
      the CDE service lifecycle. This communication occurs using the Cluster Connectivity Manager
      (CCM) v2; therefore, to enable this feature, the CDP environment must be enabled with the
      CCMv2. Once the CCMv2 is enabled at the CDP environment level, the Enable Private
        Network option displays in the CDE user interface when you enable a service. For
      more information on how to enable a CDE service and set up CCMv2, refer to the links
        below.
UI steps for enabling a private network

While enabling a CDE service for an AWS environment, under Network & Storage,
       select Enable Private Network.
Click Enable.
You can enable a private network with the CDP CLI with the following commands:
            cdp de enable-service --name dsp-private-eks-ntp-try1 --env dsp-aws-ntp-priv --instance-type m5.2xlarge --minimum-instances 0 --maximum-instances 4 --initial-instances 0 --root-volume-size 50 --no-skip-validation --enable-private-network

Related informationEnabling a CDE serviceCluster Connectivity Manager (CCM)Enabling Cluster Connectivity Manager (CCM) in the Management
              ConsoleParent topic: Enabling a Cloudera Data Engineering service