Configuring SAML AuthenticationCloudera Docs
Configuring SAML Authentication
This topic describes how to set up SAML for Single Sign-on authentication for a
      workspace. 
importantThis is not the recommended method to set up SSO. Cloudera
         recommends you use the CDP management console to set this up: Configuring LDAP authentication for CDP Private Cloud.
Cloudera
         Machine Learning supports the Security Assertion Markup Language
            (SAML) for Single Sign-on (SSO)
         authentication; in particular, between an identity provider (IDP) and a service provider
         (SP). The SAML specification defines three roles: the principal (typically a user), the
         IDP, and the SP. In the use case addressed by SAML, the principal (user agent) requests a
         service from the service provider. The service provider requests and obtains an identity
         assertion from the IDP. On the basis of this assertion, the SP can make an access control
         decision—in other words it can decide whether to perform some service for the connected
         principal.
noteThe user sync feature only works with the SAML IDP provided by the control plane. If a
         custom SAML IDP is provided then customer has to make sure to turn usersync off. Otherwise,
         there is a risk that users will be deactivated and therefore causing cron jobs scheduled by
         users that are deactivated to fail. 
The
         primary SAML use case is called web browser single sign-on (SSO). A user with a user agent
         (usually a web browser) requests a web resource protected by a SAML SP. The SP, wanting to
         know the identity of the requesting user, issues an authentication request to a SAML IDP
         through the user agent. In the context of this terminology, Cloudera Machine Learning
         operates as a SP.
Cloudera
         Machine Learning supports both SP- and IDP-initiated SAML 2.0-based SSO. Its Assertion Consumer Service
            (ACS) API endpoint is for consuming assertions received from the Identity
         Provider. If your Cloudera Machine Learning domain root were cdsw.company.com, then this endpoint would be available at http://cdsw.company.com/api/v1/saml/acs.
         SAML 2.0 metadata is available at http://cdsw.company.com/api/v1/saml/metadata for IDP-initiated SSO. Cloudera
         Machine Learning uses HTTP Redirect Binding for
         authentication requests and expects to receive responses from HTTP POST Binding. Note:
         When visiting these pages, view the Page Source in the browser to see the full XML. 
When
         Cloudera Machine Learning receives the SAML responses from the Identity Provider, it
         expects to see at least the following user attributes in the SAML responses:
The unique identifier or username. Valid attributes are: 

uid


urn:oid:0.9.2342.19200300.100.1.1



The email address. Valid attributes are:

mail


email


urn:oid:0.9.2342.19200300.100.1.3



The common name or full name of the user. Valid attributes
                  are:

cn


urn:oid:2.5.4.3

 In the absence of the cn
               attribute, Cloudera Machine Learning will attempt to use the following user
               attributes, if they exist, as the full name of the user: 
The first name of the user. Valid attributes are:

givenName


urn:oid:2.5.4.42



The last name of the user. Valid attributes are:

sn


urn:oid:2.5.4.4








Configuration OptionsList of properties to configure SAML authentication and     authorization in Cloudera Machine Learning.  Parent topic: Configuring External Authentication with LDAP and SAML